Added example for selection of demos (#1052)
IBM/unitxt: docs/docs/examples.rst

Related documentation: :ref:`Formatting tutorial <adding_format>`.

Evaluate the impact of different demonstration example selections 
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> Demonstrates how different methods of selecting the example demonstrations when applying in-context learning effect the results.

Author: ```suggestion
Demonstrates how different methods of selecting the demonstrations in in-context learning affect the results.
```
